Hi. In the previous lesson,
we created other cider for structure diagram.
Now, we're going to go over the exact same components.
However, this attempt is not going to be artistic.
Instead, we're going to use the diagram,
I'll say, visual reference,
to write the CloudFormation code that builds a infrastructure.
But before we do, let's go ahead and create a workflow,
and go over some basics.
Here we are in Visual Studio Code,
and we're going to be able to see our diagram because conveniently,
Visual Studio Code supports the display of graphics,
even though is a text editor,
it's very convenient for us in this case.
You'll see right now,
the web architecture that we tried to do yesterday.
Now, of course, this is a lot cleaner and better organized than the attempt that we did.